# A Communication Simulating System 

## Abstraction
This is a communication simulating system  to implement the data transmission based on PCM coding, Hamming coding/parity checking coding and FSK modulation. It is developed by Verilog and tested on FPGA. You can use two rows of led lights to observe the data that is sent and received seperately. The received data will lag for a period because of the FSK demodulation. 
## Requirements
- The system is simulated by **Modelsim SE-64 10.2c** on **Windows 10 64bit**.
- The system's synthesis is completed by **Quartus II 13.0sp1** on **Windows 10 64bit**.
- The system is tested on FPGA **Cyclone II**.
## Technologies
The most important technologies implemented in this system are as follows:
- PCM coding: It involves two kinds of PCM codes: the linear PCM and the log PCM. The linear PCM is widely used in communication terminal, and the log PCM is adopted in transmission procudures. We firstly encode the data into linear PCM form and then switch them into log PCM form to transmit.
- Hamming coding/parity checking coding: Hamming coding or parity checking coding is a way of channel coding to assure the data's validity. In our system, the Hamming codes can rectify one bit mistakes and the parity checking codes can determine whether there is a mistake happened.
- FSK modulation: FSK modulation is a basic way to module the data on the carrier waves. In our system, we use one wave to represent bit **0**, and use another wave whose frequency is twice over to represent bit **1**. 
## Modules
The system consists of 14 modules, in which the HammingCode/rHammingCode and the CheckCode/rCheckCode are alternative.
- top: This is top module connecting all the functional modules together to form the entire system. 
- GenMainClk: Generate the main clock signal from which the other clock signals derive.
- GenClk: Generate several clock signals to drive each modules.
- GenData: Generate the data to be transmit.
- EightToThirteen/rEightToThirteen: Encode the data into the linear PCM codes and decode the linear PCM codes to the data.
- LinToLogPCM/rLinToLogPCM: Switch between the linear PCM codes and log PCM codes, which may cause precision lost.
- HammingCode/rHammingCode: Encode the log PCM codes using Hamming codes and decode the Hamming codes into log PCM codes.
- CheckCode/rCheckCode: Encode the log PCM codes using parity checking codes and decode the parity checking codes into log PCM codes.
- FSK/rFSK: Module the bits into the carrier wave and demodule the bits from the carrier wave.
## Todos
There are also some work left:
- In this system, we assume the channel has no noise, which means the transmission will never go wrong. So the Hamming codes and parity checking codes will never play their role effectively. 
- The data transmitted is generated by ourselves, and we can take a further step to read data from outside, for instance, from an audio file. It just require us to read data according to the period of data generating clock signal. Easy job, I think :)
